execute @e[type=item,name=Ябълка] ~~~ say who dropped apple aaaaa
execute @e[type=item,name=Æble] ~~~ say who dropped apple aaaaa
execute @e[type=item,name=Μήλο] ~~~ say who dropped apple aaaaa
execute @e[type=item,name=Apfel] ~~~ say who dropped apple aaaaa
execute @e[type=item,name=Apple] ~~~ say who dropped apple aaaaa
execute @e[type=item,name=Apple] ~~~ say who dropped apple aaaaa
execute @e[type=item,name=Manzana] ~~~ say who dropped apple aaaaa
execute @e[type=item,name=Jablko] ~~~ say who dropped apple aaaaa
execute @e[type=item,name=Manzana] ~~~ say who dropped apple aaaaa
execute @e[type=item,name=Omena] ~~~ say who dropped apple aaaaa
execute @e[type=item,name=Pomme] ~~~ say who dropped apple aaaaa
execute @e[type=item,name=Pomme] ~~~ say who dropped apple aaaaa
execute @e[type=item,name=Alma] ~~~ say who dropped apple aaaaa
execute @e[type=item,name=Apel] ~~~ say who dropped apple aaaaa
execute @e[type=item,name=Mela] ~~~ say who dropped apple aaaaa
execute @e[type=item,name=リンゴ] ~~~ say who dropped apple aaaaa
execute @e[type=item,name=사과] ~~~ say who dropped apple aaaaa
execute @e[type=item,name=Eple] ~~~ say who dropped apple aaaaa
execute @e[type=item,name=Jabłko] ~~~ say who dropped apple aaaaa
execute @e[type=item,name=Appel] ~~~ say who dropped apple aaaaa
execute @e[type=item,name=Maçã] ~~~ say who dropped apple aaaaa
execute @e[type=item,name=Maçã] ~~~ say who dropped apple aaaaa
execute @e[type=item,name=Яблоко] ~~~ say who dropped apple aaaaa
execute @e[type=item,name=Jablko] ~~~ say who dropped apple aaaaa
execute @e[type=item,name=Äpple] ~~~ say who dropped apple aaaaa
execute @e[type=item,name=Elma] ~~~ say who dropped apple aaaaa
execute @e[type=item,name=Яблуко] ~~~ say who dropped apple aaaaa
execute @e[type=item,name=蘋果] ~~~ say who dropped apple aaaaa
execute @e[type=item,name=苹果] ~~~ say who dropped apple aaaaa
